I don't believe this can't take him
You be honest
Which little girl will send your mother?
This is not a gift from someone else.
I came to sign for the money.
Yo
You finally know how to please your future wife
No, it's not.
I don't know what happened to him this afternoon.
Crying to death in the hospital
And me?
Just to comfort you, the kid is walking
Qianqian, you are back.
Why is your face so ugly?
Are you tired?
Comfort my sister.
quietly
I don't know why you are so sad this afternoon.
I might drive here.
I will be happy.
Qianqian, I want you to promise me
Never fall in love with me
Qianqian, what's wrong with you?
Song Qianqian, are you sick?
Do you feel that everyone in the world owes you something?
What's wrong with this kid today?
Who needs him for what?
Sorry.
I'm so sorry!
Mark, I'm borrowing a partner at the cafe.
Send a car to pick me up later
Nishikami
You asked me out today
Mom I beg you
I beg you to show me our scenery
Cher, this is your first marriage.
Mom will definitely help you
I will definitely help you.
I asked my family to find a connection
I've thought about what happened to Jie Shao's last banquet palace
I know, I love the world, I'll go first
Hug sorry
I remember you are from Song Jiang?
In fact, you really remember me
and
Your relationship with Song Qianjin seems to be
It's me, we were good friends before
Ok then you
Tell me what's on your mind. What?